Add font-width property and descriptor (#42935)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/reference/at-rules/@font-face/font-stretch/index.md

---

> [!NOTE]
> The `font-stretch` descriptor was renamed to {{cssxref("@font-face/font-width")}} in the [CSS Fonts specification](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-fonts/#font-stretch-desc). To preserve compatibility, the specification retains `font-stretch` as a legacy alias for the `font-width` descriptor.

The **`font-stretch`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) descriptor allows authors to specify a normal, condensed, or expanded face for the fonts specified in the {{cssxref("@font-face")}} at-rule.

> For a particular font family, authors can download various font faces which correspond to the different styles of the same font family, and then use the `font-stretch` descriptor to explicitly specify the font face's stretch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a particular font family, authors can download various font faces corresponding to the different styles of the same font family, and then use the `font-stretch` descriptor to specify the font face's stretch explicitly.
```
